Describe how to add a new metric type using the macro (#197)
mozilla/glean: docs/dev/core/new-metric-type.md

Add a new file named after your metric, e.g. `glean-core/ffi/src/counter.rs`, and declare it in `glean-core/ffi/src/lib.rs` with `mod counter;`.

> In the metric type module define your metric type using the `define_metric` macr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the metric type module define your metric type using the `define_metric` macro.
```

> This allows to reference the metric name and defines the global map as well as some common functions such as the constructor and destructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows referencing the metric name and defines the global map as well as some common functions such as the constructor and destructor.
```

Simple operations can be also defined in the same macro invocation:

```rust,noplaypen
use crate::{define_metric, handlemap_ext::HandleMapExtension, GLEAN};

define_metric!(CounterMetric => COUNTER_METRICS {

>     new           -> glean_new_counter_metric(),

Reviewer 2: Not a problem but oh, I only noticed now that the `new` requires trailing `()`

Author: Only because it could also take additional parameters.
I _might_ be able to get rid of that, but not sure.

Reviewer 2: No worries, no need to act on this :)
